README.md, before:

# OpenLiteSpeed Document 
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-LiteSpeed-blue.svg?logo=slack">](litespeedtech.com/slack)  
[<img src="https://badge.fury.io/rb/just-the-docs.svg" alt="Gem version">](https://badge.fury.io/rb/just-the-docs)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/litespeedtech/openlitespeed-doc/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg)](https://github.com/litespeedtech/openlitespeed-doc/actions/)


## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/litespeedtech/openlitespeed-doc. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration.

## Support & Feedback
If you still have a question after reading OpenLiteSpeed Document, you have a few options.
* Join [the GoLiteSpeed Slack community](https://litespeedtech.com/slack) for real-time discussion
* Post to [the OpenLiteSpeed Forums](https://forum.openlitespeed.org/) for community support
* Reporting any issue on [Github openlitespeed-doc](https://github.com/litespeedtech/openlitespeed-doc/issues) project

Commit message:

Fixed broken images, updated README and Advanced section

README.md, after:

# OpenLiteSpeed Documentation
[<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-LiteSpeed-blue.svg?logo=slack">](litespeedtech.com/slack)  
[<img src="https://badge.fury.io/rb/just-the-docs.svg" alt="Gem version">](https://badge.fury.io/rb/just-the-docs)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/litespeedtech/openlitespeed-doc/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment/badge.svg)](https://github.com/litespeedtech/openlitespeed-doc/actions/)

This Documentation covers basic installation and configuration for [OpenLiteSpeed Web Server](https://openlitespeed.org). 

For more advanced topics please see the [OpenLiteSpeed Knowledgebase](https://openlitespeed.org/kb/).

## Support, Feedback, and Collaboration

* Join [the GoLiteSpeed Slack community](https://litespeedtech.com/slack) for real-time discussion
* Post to [the OpenLiteSpeed Forums](https://forum.openlitespeed.org/) for community support
* Report problems with these docs in [the project's Issues](https://github.com/litespeedtech/openlitespeed-doc/issues)
* Contribute to these docs with [a Pull Request](https://github.com/litespeedtech/openlitespeed-doc/pulls). This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration.
